hello everyone please welcome Andy
Romanians and every style cooking best
of all my easy steps cooking I'm going
to cook today
garlic naan and how do I do it I'm going
to share the deal and let's get started
with the ingredients what we need it
I'll have four cup of all-purpose flour
in other words you call it a meta we're
going to use a lukewarm mailto took off
half cup olive oil any vegetable oil
will be fine I'm going to make this
garlic really you know good non so I'm
going to use one big bulb one small bulb
what I'm gonna be doing I'll just
sprinkle a little olive oil on this and
I will put it into oven and I'll put
aluminum foil and once they are all
baked then I'll crush them I'll use that
and the water
as for the non as needed I'm going to
use two eggs
as for gsturm using the rapid yeast in
strength these it's a 2 tablespoon 1
teaspoon salt 1 teaspoon white sugar and
1 teaspoon baking powder and as for
yogurt I will use 1/2 cup of the Joker
and then let's get started
purpose flour I wanted to share with you
in easy steps so all its easy to make
and you can make it yourself and you can
enjoy it
making border salt yeast sugar two eggs
if you have a machine that is the
perfect so it's all sticky already my
double looking good what I would do now
I'm just a little bit olive oil at the
bottom just grease it now I'll let it
sit for two hours and we'll come back
and we can set it like a you know two
hours gross truck so I'm going to take
it out of each globe all and mash it and
look at my dough has been rising so good
this is the perfectly done you have to
punch it will play boxing bassoon like
this see how the air comes up that's
what it's gonna happen as I take it out
I will test my counter we with the dry
flour and I made my ball I'll let it set
another 15 minutes and now this is my
garlic is really well done
in this whole Cup I'm going to use that
I show it to you how to make it to put
it in no wonder with all the work
it's according to you if you wanted to
make any shapes you know typical wrong
shape or you know when it comes to non
if they are freehand you know three
Handsome's
you want to really you know typically
pay attention on the size but the
majority of times they are more oval so
as you see this is a good size I put it
into my tan
and I will use the garlic paste the
garlic is well cooked already
this will add a little bit of cilantro
that's going to bring another excitement
to your known so I'm going to put it in
known this is the other way I'm gonna
show you I'm going to make you add some
garlic in there some cilantro it's going
to be a garlic buns look at my beautiful
delicious looking garlic norms are
already I'm just going to brush them
with with the butter they're really rich
and my other ones already I made some
more bond with the garlic and all of
them plain and I can use so much sesame
seed you can do all kind of four
different things you know I add
different locks look at how beautiful
this is one I wanted to show it to you
it's smoking hot
my garlic my cilantro look at how
perfectly you're inside so that's why
how you can make your bonds as one
garlic moans garlic naan they are
already look at how beautiful delicious
silly-looking
look at how beautiful sponsee look real
nice and look at this photo on my
cottage so nice and I really appreciate
each one of you joining my Indian
Punjabi style best of all easy steps
cooking and garlic norms and thank you
and if you liked it please like share
and subscribe me thank you very much and
I'll see you soon with the new recipe